So
Young and Fiamen
Iment Grab voice
the seat 5 boat of the leader
It had been the seat 5 boat of the leader
Now it is my turn!
Wow!
Whoah! Courage! Wen parrot!
How pragmatic!
What's wrong
What's wrong?
Please, have a glass of water.
Oh, you're getting weak.
Poor thing.
Here, have some water.
It's so good.
I'm so hungry.
Can I have some food?
Okay, let's all pick some grass.
I'll give you my lunch.
It's so good.
Where did you come from?
I'm from the countryside.
I wanted to help the country by being a soldier.
I'm so glad to hear that.
I'm so happy to hear that you're getting better.
That's good.
Have some more.
No, I'm full.
I'll see you later.
Really? Bye.
Have a good time.
I'm glad you went out.
You did a good thing today.
We are the children of Japan
We're the weak ones
We're not inferior to the strong ones
We're strong, and we're good soldiers
Let's go forward